down
what's with the jeans you know what I
want to address is something came in you
mentioned something during our ads this
episode and then there's something kind
of related to it in an email let's see
it says dear Tom and Tina I have
listening to your mom's house since
episode two why I would consider myself
a bit of a mom cast historian during the
heat of the FedEx FedEx scandal I had
that little tickle in the back of my
brain saying I remember you guys
discussing FedEx alas alas I wrote it
off but a few weeks ago I decided you
know what I'm going to get to the bottom
of this so starting from episode 44 I
listened to all of your podcasts through
and through oh my god happy to report I
fucking found it no I am Age episode 151
I won't go into much detail I'll just
give you a timestamp hopefully this
whole debacle can be laid to rest when a
certain main mommy says FedEx the proper
way huh thank you submitted by tavern is
it tavern heaven Haven well well thanks
for submitting whatever pizza that every
time this name is said here anything the
Redskins are playing they're playing at
FedEx Field so you say FedEx FedEx but
you know I meet that guy thing but
doesn't that at least for naming rights
it's called right it killed my soul just
a little bit to hear a beautiful stadium
the baby some man said I'd love to build
a stadium let's let's build a stadium
where the people can get together and
yes and calm
medium amazing it's it's a Herculean
thing and then fucking FedEx comes I
don't hear they renamed Stadium or blah
blah blah no no it's not called that
it's called my supposed thing whatever
the fuck Wrigley Stadium it's all this
you piece of shit well after the man who
designed it or whatever I think a lot of
fans yeah it's fine the audio dropped
out it didn't drop out you know exactly
it's a Herculean thing and then fucking
FedEx comes and they renamed it the
stadium or baa baa baa know some
respected that I can't believe somebody
listen to thank you for doing that
can you admit your mistake now no I mean
I don't know what mistake you speak of I
just know that this is such nonsense
what FedEx no I'm saying that fuck says
that I've always said it that way maybe
I would had a stutter back then that is
a stutter yeah that was my speech
impediment back when they had one and
then I've been in treatment I don't talk
ridiculous you're so ridiculous just not
okay yeah I don't know I didn't hear all
that audio no okay
thank you times I'm amazed first of all
honor that you listened to so many
episodes and thank you for digging that
up and I rightfully will take my place
on top of Mount FedEx the king of the
castle town obviously and I'd said it
right as most of you seem to acknowledge
so I think you know your place now and
it's it's it's at the bottom